Meeting Transcript
2026-04-08 20:08
──────────────────────────────────────────────────

[19:49:33] Speaker 1: Alright. We're going to work with this case, what the case says is that we need to focus on the on the workflow from from the technician's standpoint and also for the customer standpoint. I think what is best given here is that we start to look at the technician standpoint. This is going to be a free free checkpoint marker for him. He's looking at the physical environment. He's looking at environment, and, also, he's looking at at at the end to to make a report. But for the physical part, he needs to make sure that everything is installed correctly. He needs to make sure that the customer understand how the setup works. For the digital part, he needs to make sure that everything is compliant with the CRA. That he has used his own manufacturing PIN code and also given the customer instructions in how to use their unique, customer PIN code. And afterwards, of course, he needs to make a report and upload that to the database so everything is compliant with the European Legislation Act.
[19:52:10] Speaker 1: Alright. That's perfect. I think we need to elaborate our workflow a bit. And by that, I mean, I think we need to make an extra standpoint So right now, we have 3 workflows. We need to add an additional fourth. And this should be the manufacturing part. And then this part, we're going to have a look at the the workflow of the actual pump, how it is how it's manufactured, how it is delivered, and, how it is installed So first of all, to start with, the pump is shipped from, China. And is received in Denmark. And from there, it is assembled at 1 of Convos' factories. And afterwards, it is carefully reviewed by both technicians and also digital experts make sure that everything is compliant with the CRA and other European legislations acts. And, afterwards, it is brought by the technician to the customer where it is carefully, installed by yeah, all standards So the customer should be fully satisfied and should be up to date with the the latest
[19:54:37] Speaker 1: Alright. This is very good. And now the cases that we, let me read about here. What to say, John? Okay. Let's see. We have to move on to now focus on journey, and this is from the standpoint where the customer first receives the product. And in this case, the customer is opening the package. He is checking up the the the specific product could be the MagnaFree. And, this is now now going to be installed And in this customer journey, he is installing the pump himself. He's sitting everything up, and he's also connecting the the the the the pump to his his mobile phone. But I think we are keeping this journey simple to start with to see how we can elaborate further in the future.
[19:57:47] Speaker 1: Alright. This is very good. Now let's, add some some extra things to this customer journey map. But from this this time, we're going to, to focus on the technician assisted part, which is now empty. And should be filled out. So here, the technician arrives at the customer's home. He's assisting the customer to set up the pump physically. And afterwards, they're going through the the steps on the mobile phone. Where he helps and describes to the customer what is what and how does he use it and how does he regulate it himself afterwards. And the whole point of this is to make the customer feel fully satisfied and also to feel make him feel con in control of the both the functions and also the understanding of of the pump's functionality. And how he can how he can control it himself. And, of course, he needs or he doesn't need, but it would be very appreciated that he could make take time to give feedback on this also.
[20:02:57] Speaker 2: Now we're going to take a look at the customer's first interaction with the with the with the actual display of the mobile phone app. So this is the application, the CORNFORZ GO app. Where where where the customer is setting up the pump. And he needs to go through various setup screens. He needs to connect his application with the phone with the pump. He needs to verify which type of pump pump if it pump it is, and he needs afterwards also to handle the the various specifications of how he wants to pump to run. And finally, he's going to be met with a picture that said that the pump is all connected. And he can see it live in his, application at his front panel or at his front yeah, front view.